# Create-your-own-class-10.1
README
The main class is the Room class; it sets up the whole rest of the program. The Room class sets up the dictionary in which all the types of furniture are included in and also sets up the mechanism that tells how many pieces of furniture in total are there in the room. It has the ability to add and remove furniture and includes the ability to clear the entire room It also uses the init function.The other class is the Bedroom class which inherits off of the Room Class also can add furniture for the bedroom and remove furniture. Also it can remove all the furniture in the room all of which is inherited from the Room class. The other class inherits from TypeError which stops the user from adding things that are not on the furniture list using the init function. The main data variables are is the self.__room which stores the furniture added to it and also keeps track of how much of each piece of furniture is there. The other main variable is the bedroom_furniture which stores a list of some of the furniture that can be used in the class and added to the room itself. The main methods of the init function sets up the self.__room variable and makes sure that it has no value attached to it. The  str function makes the self.__room a string and call it Room. The set_total function calculates the amount of furniture is being added and how much of each furniture is being added to the room. The add_furniture adds pieces of furniture and allows the user to add different types of furniture at the same time. The remove_furniture function removes furniture and can be used to remove different types of furniture at the same time. 
Demo Program
The demo program just showcases me adding furniture to a Room and removing the furniture from the Room. I also add furniture to a Bedroom as well. The demo also shows me trying to add something not on the furniture list and the program will reject it. To run the demo program just run the program using the Python Debugger in VScode for it to properly work. I hope you enjoy it although it is a bit bland.

